fix(tutorials): added tags corrected typos and fixed indentation MTA-1585 (#225)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/hadoop/index.mdx

Hadoop is an open-source framework. It is provided by Apache to process and analyze large volumes of data. It is written in Java and currently
used by Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Yahoo, Twitter etc. 

Similar to data residing in a local file system of a personal computer system, in Hadoop, data resides in a distributed file system called "Hadoop Distributed File system". Hadoop is suitable for:

> - **Big Data Analysis:** Big Data tends to be distributed and unstructured in nature. Hadoop processes the logic (not the actual data) that flows to the computing nodes, less network bandwidth is consumed. This concept, called "data locality concept", helps increase the efficiency of Hadoop-based applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Big Data Analysis:** Big Data tends to be distributed and unstructured in nature. Hadoop processes the logic (not the actual data) that flows to the computing nodes, thus consuming less network bandwidth. This is called the "data locality concept", and helps increase the efficiency of Hadoop-based applications.
```
